this year they have given the golden drum I
few times have I seen so excited and
so impacted with an environment
good thing is that for those of there then it is
I thought as a child that it was the prize
more important that they could give one
neither the nobel nor the pulitzer nor the oscar
nothing for me the drum now
since I was little I saw it and think it was
the most important and, fortunately,
I was able to receive this year and it was a great
honor and that's why it was a very day
exciting for me and his father wanted
that his children were soccer players not me
I think that I do not believe that
I wanted us to be responsible
We wanted him to want us to be serious
already in what we did from home like this
what
especially my mother did us a lot
emphasis and they got us that first thing in
the studies that football then that
Of course there was this but there was
to take well the studies that had
that be responsible
the first the first and the only time
suspended a subject then because
that I did not try it on, they worried him with
football that is what touches your heart
to severe
well I do not know little new things
small details, I'll tell you now
because my daughter started me the first
little step and you are much more excited
small things because they are what I
touch now
and then from nearby people who
I have which was the first person to the
who called xabi alonso when he signed his
contract with madrid that said dad
mom my wife and my wife because we had
I've been living everything
well all summer so intensely and
when they were solved
we are already done and then to my
parents and arrives at santiago rodeo
I believe that santiago bernabéu are
older words I think that what
imposes when you enter the bernabéu when
is the empty bernabéu is impressive and
then when the baby starts to
roar when there is good atmosphere when the
People are enjoying when they push
true then it is already a delight
can play
it's a 1 is a demanding stadium
but that when the team responds and
when it works well he knows how to appreciate
which has been the best adversary to which
he has faced we know in his career
I what I started when I started
the desire
I believe that this is an example of what
is football in what many of us
learn many things but good life
from one as you see them see the team to
these three months in which the
real madrid
I see it well, I think the team
is a good dynamic is in a
good line
with open fronts
and hungry and eager to compete not
and what can you give to this wardrobe
mourinho for these decisive sections
man then for key moments to
eliminatory or final matches must be
know how to prepare matches very well and
then that preparation that analysis of
cancer and then apart from knowing how to work
much the psychological side the side
emotive emotional and he
in him in that aspect he knows how to connect
with us motivate us
and hopefully it will be used for
let's get important things always
they say a coach has to do
grow his players in what he has done
grow mourinho knows the
I believe that we are I am learning
much
and makes you be a better soccer player and know
how has to face better the
games you have to know how to read better
parties and in that sense the mister is
very good in the tactical preparation
and also how do I use the theme
psychological emotional is the one that wins
a lot on the expensive face
tell me about young players that all the
world right now is talking about them
Mesut Ozil
well, mesut is one of those players
specials that you see very occasionally
and has the touch
of doing things in spaces so
reduced that is what makes them
unique in between lines knowing how to play
also having the touch so tempered
of that very measured touch and that vision of
game then it's what
because what there are not so many players
nowadays and that's why he's such a player
so special
Warrior said how easy it is to play
to know them
Pirate man is a phenomenon
when I have it, I appreciate it because
because because we get along very well and
then I think that in the field he
He plays great football is
footballer soccer player of those of the
that does all things well those that
can read the game of those who have a
great touch of the ball that is associated
well of those that makes the collective
work well and I think it will not be
a very important player